What do you mean?
I'm going to open a little bully game hall
Let people play for free
Free, isn't that a loss?
No.
Free is the most expensive.
Because free can attract a lot of people to come and play.
Then we will take the opportunity to launch
Xiaobawang New Year's game console gift box
I see.
Just put
The Xiaobawang game console is bundled with the Chinese New Year gift box.
Start and then use
The sales of Xiaobawang game consoles
To drive the sales of gift boxes
Exactly.
At that time, the New Year's gift box market occupied by Fang Yuan
Can be snatched back by us all
And the profit of the game console itself
Also quite tall
But so many game consoles
Where are we going to get it?
I'm going to the south to talk to the manufacturer.
It's a long journey.
Then I'll go with you
Then please find the venue for the game console.
No problem, I'll check it out now.
Come here mom
Are you watching TV?
Xiaorou, we are playing a game. Come on
Dad teaches you to play games
Here, take this. This is going forward.
This is the back.
What a waste. Jump from here to there
Jump there and you fly.
Wow, we ran and jumped.
Why didn't I find you so good at coaxing children before?
You will find out later
More advantages for your husband